want to go to semi with me?
mmmm dat ass.
i like the way you climb.
BABY IT'S BEEN SO LONG.

I've missed you!

I am around until Thursday evening sometime. Hanging out would be fun. I would like to hear about your adventures amongst the sheep!

play scrabble!

when do you leave campus? are you there next week? i'm driving up on tuesday. WE SHOULD TOTES HANG OUT!
i'm so cold without your love.
I have something important to say.

I can't keep this secret anymore.  You mean a lot to me, and I want to be honest.  

I want to come forward about our relationship.  I was keeping it a secret earlier because I wasn't sure exactly how deeply I felt for you, but I can now say with the utmost certainty that this is the real thing.  We've gone on several thoughtful walks in the woods, gazed at one another soulfully, and even bought each other mozz sticks at late night Collis.  You are teaching me how to play pong, and I have shown you my secret collection of naughty Chinese artifacts.  You have even thrust your hands into my gently rising bread dough.  

Please welcome this relationship with an open mind. I know that it is unexpected, but I would love to have your blossoming love.
thayer style.


indeed!

i return the gift.

also, i like sharks. but skydiving seems scary.



i take it you're that girl?
i give you the gift of entertainment.
I want the chuck. I need the chuck. I crave the chuck.
Want to go to Collis? I need a banana ;)
haha wow seriously thanks for that. although how do you know i need to look at it?

Squats aren't my thang but I'd like to squish you. 

i think i can handle it. haha next week sounds perfect.

bummer you won't be around. have fun in boston though!
It's unfair that he gets a third nipple to show people and the rest of us don't. Like, nobody's going to complain if he takes off his shirt anyways. SOME OF US NEED EXCUSES TO GET NAKED!
Ow, I just bit my lip. But not in a sexy way...


just kidding, of course it was sexy.

I have Alpha Chi semi at the house on Friday night.  If you don't have anything going on, I would love it if you would come with me. I think it would be a ton of fun to hang out and get to know you better. Sorry I didn't get a chance to ask you in person.

It's me from your Spanish class. I’m sure you’re busy, but we should hang out sometime.

What's up lady love kitten? I've seen you around Novack way too many times to have never shared a hot pocket in that sunny, grimly cafeteria. Want to hang out and talk about those funny boots you wear?
Write back.
the back of your head is ridiculous.
haha.
I have No need for maps.
I have no need for prep.
I've found a place my heart holds true.
haha you're my first blitz, how special.

oh i love it when you talk dirty.
You are a god.
Let's get pad thai.

I want you.




I believe some people would call last night an orgy.
Be still, my beating heart.

You're like wasabi. You're spicy and make my eyes water.
I bet you tell that to all the girls.
this is a flitz.
I heard you enjoy haikus.
How about a date?
Is your dad a baker? Because you have nice buns.
Dayum you look fine.
so... dick's house gives away free condoms... feel like having some affordable sex?
give a blitz when you're done pumping iron so you can come pump... you get it.
I like you a lot.

just so you know.
sleep is a good choice. I'd be down to see something at the hop. could be a nice change of pace.
Consider this an invitation to join me for drinks tonight. I'm thinking Molly's around 9 but could be persuaded to change the venue if a better suggestion is offered.

I look forward to seeing you :)
also, how are you?


i miss seeing you every day.
you are the human embodiment of everything good and beautiful on this green earth.
what have you done this week? ;)
Morning sunshine :)
ok great!  Friday after the fires?  I may be rather drunksies by then...
Look at that hunk of a climbing bum.  Just look at it!
bow chicka wah wah.
Is the DOC formal the sort of thing you have dates to? I heard it is. want to be mine?
I was wondering if you were free Tuesday 11PM? I'm having trouble with my CS project, and I would really appreciate the help. I live in hitchcock 909.

It is raining, and I was hoping to spend some time indoors maybe, next week, listening to Steve Martin... might you have connections to tickets for us? I would be almost eternally grateful, but eternity is kinda a long time. Let me know! Steve Martin is kinda one of my idols. And I like hanging out with you too.

You are so sexy.
Take me into your burly arms and bring me to Canada.
let's get some poutine.
sex?
let's breakup and then have makeup sex.
want to watch a porn with me?
want to make a porn with me?
I had a great time playing pong with you last night. I'd love to run it back some time. Let me know ;)
I've been thinking about our conversation from the other day and would love to continue it some time. Would you like to grab coffee this week?
I think you're cute. Would you like to go to dinner with me?
What are you up to tonight? I'll probably be needing a 4th if you want to come hang out... don't worry, I'm good enough for the both of us.
It was nice meeting you and playing pong with you last night! I hope everyone enjoyed tails. Sorry I kinda disappeared on you after we played, I wound up getting asked to man the bar.

But anyways, it was nice meeting you. You're welcome to come hang out anytime!
Still up? I've been working on this problem set for hours, and I need a study break...
Is there any room under that blanket? ;)
I think you're really cool. Want to hangout sometime?
Love hanging around you. hmu whenever you want to hangout.
I am your secret admirer. You are the coolest kid I know.
If Kaiju attacked Hanover, we'd be so ready. I mean, I don't know about you, but I think we're pretty drift compatible.
I saw you wearing a green sweatshirt today, but it was missing the D.
So babe, What's your major?
Is there room under that blanket?



last night was fun. We should do it again sometime soon :)
haha what is this.

btw want to check blitz in san francisco?
You're like peanut butter to me - i want to eat a sandwich with you and spread you all over my body.
It was great getting to talk the other day! Want to take a walk under the stars? I hear they're great at night :)
Still up? I've been working on this problem set for hours and I need a study break...
Come through sometime ;)
So want to work on the Dartmouth Seven with me tomorrow?
You saucy minx.
Pong @now?
Are you an angel? because I'm allergic to feathers.
Hope you had a fun night last night with your prospie. I still feel like an old man because of her but I guess ill get over it at some point haha. anyway don't know what you're up to tonight, but I would love to hangout. Shoot me a text today if you're not too busy.
stacks? I have 20 minutes before my meeting ;)
It was great seeing you at the hop. Haven't seen you at all this term. How was your summer? are you glad to be back on campus?
I'm sure you don't remember me at all - you might not even get names. but I was a subject for your psych study not long ago, and I was wondering if you had anything cool to share about further study in psychology. I'm an undecided major as of right now, but I'm considering pursuing psychology myself, and I think it'd be a good idea to know a little more about what I'm getting into before I really declare. Do you still love psych, or is it more of a crying in the shower wondering why you've done this to your life sort of thing? I guess just if there's anything you wish you'd known, or considered, or done differently, I'd love to talk to you about it, although I realize that this is sort of weird of me to do. You seemed like the person least likely to think I was a creep, since you were the friendliest, but I promise not to be offended if you never reply!

I hope all is going well with school and your study!
We're in writing five together, and I'm trying to Flitz you.
I'm not asking for notes.

want to hang out sometime this week?
Last night was fun. We should chill again soon. Are you free for lunch tomorrow?
Baby, I like your shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
I've seen you everywhere, but we never get the chance to hang out. Just wondering if you want to grab lunch sometime?

Let me know if you're down to hangout later?
It's me, your fellow bouncer and UFO provider. This is my first flitz, am I doing it right?
ps my sim card still isn't here, so I'm still on flitz patrol for the time being. Get ready.
Sup, want to be my pong partner in the tourney? We should probably try and get some practice in tonight....
If you want to hang out later shoot me a text!
we met at the farm breakfast last week, and I remember you commenting on my name I think?   

I just saw your email in the chain that was sent out for the farm event that happened today. As terribly terrible as this is going to sound, I wish I had been less shy and had actually learned more than your name.

would it be ok for me to use this email to invite you to a show I'm playing on wednesday? 

If not, I'm really sorry. I would perfectly understand if you didn't want to email me back. 

if yes, just let me know if you don't already have plans, and I'll give you the details. 

Either way, it was nice to meet you. Thanks for making me a bit less nervous of walking into a room full of people I didn't know. 

all the best!
How are you doing?
are you feeling positive today?
because i've got my ion you ;)
So I just met you
And this is crazy.
But you're cute
So lunch maybe?
do you have any reports from last year? you don't know what I would owe you... ;)
So I have a feeling you're not going to follow sleep suggestions tonight. Since I'm not around for moral support, here's an email with some attempted motivation.
If they ask you questions about drugs JUST SAY NO.

Good luck with the rest of your studying and on the test tomorrow. Text me about how it goes. We can hang out after if you want. START YOUR PAPER. You are da bomb.

Keep being awesome!

    
PS When was I writing this Blitz?
Your stimulating aesthetics and the splendor of your personality are too good to let slip through my fingers.
You are so hot!
Hi ;)


so i just ate at collis ;)

what are you up to? lol.
what's up good looking?
How are you?

Do we have any wood?

I don't know about you, but I do!

Can you teach me how to deal with my wood?
Want to go practice with some wood?
So I finally blitzed him - busy day haha. I'll let you know when he responds! So glad I met you today :)
I can find the comfort and the security that I get in your arms nowhere else in this world. With this message I want to say that I am madly in love with you!
Everything you do makes my heart skip a beat. I feel so blessed to share my life with someone like you! Darling I love you!
My red heart is blue,
because I'm missing you.
Every day, I think about you,
and I imagine how great
every hour,
every minute,
and every second would be
if you were here with me.
Every night, when I lie in bed,
I dream that you're beside me,
holding me close to you.
If you were here, I'd whisper in your ear
how much I love you.
Since you came into my life
nothing has been the same.
I've experienced love to its fullest,
and I've tasted a beauty that never ends,
because you're where my happiness begins.
I'm incomplete without you, and
I'll never stop loving you.
You're the world to me,
in brilliant colors.
You're my best friend,
a favorite song that will never end.
And together is where we should be.
Someday soon, I pray
that you'll walk through the door
and take this heartache away.
I can't promise you
that dark clouds
will never hover
over our lives
or that the future
will bring us many rainbows.
I can't promise you
that tomorrow
will be perfect
or that life will be easy.
I can promise you
my everlasting devotion,
my loyalty,
my respect,
and my unconditional
love for a lifetime.
I can promise that
I'll always
be there for you,
to listen
and to hold your hand,
and I'll always do
my best to make you happy
and make you feel loved.
I can promise that
I'll see you through
any crisis,
and hope with you,
dream with you,
build with you,
and always cheer you on
and encourage you.
I can promise that
I'll share my dreams,
my world,
and every aspect
of my life with you.
I'll willingly be
your protector,
your advisor,
your counselor,
your friend,
your family,
your everything.
And I believe that's
what love is truly
all about.
what's up good looking? i told you i would blitz you lol. i know it's the same night, but it's technically the next day. we should definitely play pong again sometime. i saw you in food court, are you stalking me? haha.
you should totally come to my frat after meetings on wednesday. i'm sure i can get us a table. can i have your number? i'll hit you up on wednesday?
last night was pretty ridiculous... i don't know how i ended up at your room. anyway i think i left my hat there - red sox?
I really enjoyed speaking with you tonight at that frat. I felt that we had a really strong, intellectual connection. I don't normally do this, but I was wondering if you would like to get dinner tomorrow night, at the Canoe Club perhaps? I'd be interested in hearing more about your philosophy on our freshman seminar. Sometimes I don't get service in my room in Byrne, the room right next to the bathroom, with the big poster of Chuck Norris, so if you want to come over to chat, I'm yours anytime after 5 pm.

Looking forward to dinner.
now i'm lost. i agree let's all just exchange fluids :)

So, how'd your midterms go?  Would you still like to grab lunch?
Your eyes are dazzling. can I see them in person?
Your eyes are like the stars. when did you fall from heaven?
Lol I did but it wasn't like that I swear haha. And oh ok, I'm
doing
Chem Pre lab, so I'm having a blast too :p
I just asked what you were doing because I think we should hang out
sometime, if you want :)
Want to grab lunch later? ;)
what's up Beautiful?

I actually think you are booty full. want to share some of that with me?

Always yours,

Studly.
Are you from California? Because you're hot!
So when are we going to finally play pong? :)

I was just wondering if you wanted to grab a meal some time.  I think you're super interesting and cute and yeah... I don't normally muster up enough courage to get this far, but I figured I had to ask you.  :)
I had a lot of fun hanging out with you last night! Let's do it again sometime?  What are you doing this weekend?
what's up cutie?

Saw you at the get together with the free lou's.

You liked the apple.

I liked the cherry.

Can I take yours?
want to go to formal with me?
so... i need a date for semi.

do you have any hot friends?

jk, you want to go?
just wanted to see if you got home okay.

i kinda got the vibe that you didn't want anything to happen just then...

so i figured i'd offer you a round 2.

pong?
saw your name on b@b.

dtf?
great meeting you yesterday! What's your number btw?
so I don't really remember what exactly went on in our conversation last night,
but I saw your name in my notes, and I remember that you're from somewhere close there or something haha. so obviously I had to blitz you! I'll see you around, or let's chill sometime!

We met last night, and I can't stop thinking about you...want to get lunch this week?
Saw you walking across the green the other day, and you were looking pretty fine ;)
had fun with you last night! hope your 9L went well. see you over green key?
text me maybe?

i meant to give you my number last night, but i forgot. 

callmebeepmeifyouwannareachme!
ANYWAY, we could watch the Truman Show sometime on Wednesday if you wanted.  Or if you have homework we can study in my spacious room.  Or if you're busy with real things then that's okay, too.
want to play pong tonight?
Want to come study Bio 12 with me? You're the substrate to my enzyme.
Nice shoes.
I've been finding a lot of crumbs recently in my bed, care to lick them up?
Go out! Go out! Go out! If you want alcohol I have lots!
btw hit me up. here's my cell, but i'm busy this term.
what's up Pop tart?
Pong was fun last night. want to get lunch tomorrow?
you don't really know me, but you're in my physics class! Maybe we can have a foco breakfast before our 10?
You eat, right? Oh hey! So do I! So much in common already. We should eat at the same time in the same place one day. You know, together.
what's up sexy?
last night was fun... want to get dinner this week?
what're you up to tonight?
I love you.
I had a great time playing pong with you last night!  I'd love to hang out with you again sometime and realized I forgot to ask for your number. Let me know if you want to hang out again soon!
saw you while I was eating today. You're cute and I'd like to grab a meal with you sometime!
want to go see it sometime this weekend? Its getting great reviews on rotten tomatoes.
So I see we have a match on Friendsy. Want to hang out sometime soon?

By the way, I'm not great with blitzing. Texting is probably best for me. What's your number?
I can hear your music through your headphones. I like it :)
:) want to get coffee tomorrow with me at dirt?
Want to get together later and visit Hanlon's lawn with me?
Are you a pulmonary embolism? Because I can't breathe when I'm around you.
why don't you want to play with me anymore?
It was really nice grabbing lunch with you today.
Let me know if you are free Friday night. maybe we could hang out again ;)
Down for some hanky panky?
want to hang out? I need to cement my cougar status.
holy shit you make my whole body shake.

run it back sometime?
How are you doing? Long time no talk. How does it feel to be the eldest class on campus? Miss you!
No problem about the wait, I only cried myself to sleep every night I hadn't yet received an email from you.
Touche. I often find myself having that effect on people :P
Any updates on the job search? Did you have that interview in New York? Let me know when you get the job and are in SF. I'd love to see you!
Pong tonight?
Ugh, bartending is so boring. Want to come cheer me up?
how are you doing?  I'll see you tonight in Novack ;)
want to come to my room?
want to get coffee?
Sparkle away, captain unicorn!
the oval office isn't just for work, you know.

table is big enough for two.

i'll come prepared.
we may have to step up our game. or at least do breakfast again. so much good food, so little time.
Checked out the Hop schedule again. Doesn't look like there's a ton Mondays or Wednesdays, unless you want to learn to tap dance? Which, given my lack of dance skills might be a fantastic source of amusement. I'll keep an eye out, though.
so if you're still down, the pong tourny is starting around 8:00, so actually more like 8:15.  Just so you know, I'm probably heading to FNR around 10:00. doubtful that we are good enough to stay in the tourny that long, haha. you are welcome to come too.
ok so i really want to go back to the fort and explore it this week, and i wanted to know if you were free this week, because i am not going back on my own!
Sorry!  I am drunkenly apologizing for being an idiot!  Let's definitely do SOMETHING In the future?  Yeah...

that bio 13 midterm sure was a doozy. swap condolences at foco 6pm?
last night was really fun, and i hope you had a good time too. want to get dinner sometime this week? i'll bring your bra and return it then.
foco 6?
collis stir fry after 12s?
hockey game tonight?
need one, and you're it.
I think you're groovy. Marry me?
want to get a meal sometime?
I still smell like you.

Let's do this again sometime. Preferably soon.
it was great meeting you last night. Would you want to grab a meal some time?
you're cute.
I just walked past you in the library. you looked hard at work haha.  We should hang out and play another game of pong soon.  I've been pretty busy since we had tails last weekend, but I'd be down to later this week if you're out one night.
Aw no worries! How was the travel? Where'd you go?

I'd love to get a meal this week... what's free for you? I could do lunch Friday! Or breakfast any day. I need to get better at breakfast.
we keep saying we're going to get lunch or coffee when we run into each other. How about we actually do it? Tomorrow? My treat ;)
what's up babe? How about you and me check out the golf course tonight? I've heard the stars are beautiful this time of year.
I've been meaning to tell you this for a long time, but haven't had the nerve. Until now. I love that you wear a woodsmens jacket every day, and your hair flows so gracefully in the chilly Hanover wind. Your glasses perfectly accentuate your boyish chin and those beautiful brown eyes of yours. Maybe we could chop wood together sometime?
I have long harbored the tenderest and most affectionate feelings for you. I wish that I had been able to gather the courage to tell you sooner, but I always lose my breath and my capacity for language when I see your gorgeous face smile at me. Now the thought of losing you to another is too much to bear. Be mine.
I know looks can be deceiving. But I know I saw a light in you. And as we walked, we were talking. I didn't say half the things I wanted to. You might have me believing I don't always have to be alone. I can't help if you look like an angel. I can't help if I want to kiss you in the rain. Come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you. There's no one else.
I've been holding back this feeling. I've got some things to say to you. I've seen it all, or so I thought. But nobody shines the way you do. The way you talk, the way you say my name - it's beautiful, it's wonderful. don't you ever change. I think you and I should stay the same.
They're dimming the street lights. You're perfect for me, why aren't you here tonight? I'm waiting alone now, so come on and come out and pull me near to shine..
I could give you fifty reasons why I should be the one you choose. All those other girls - well, they're beautiful. But would they write a song for you?
You look like an angel, and I want to kiss you in the rain. Come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you. There's no one else, and I can't help myself.
The way you move is like a full on rainstorm,  And I'm a house of cards. You're the kind of reckless that should send me running, But I kinda know that I won't get far. You stood there in front of me Just close enough to touch. Close enough to hope you couldn't see What I was thinking of.
Drop everything now and Meet me in the pouring rain.  Kiss me on the green, and Take away the pain. I see sparks fly whenever you smile.
Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down, Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around. I see sparks fly whenever you smile.
I run my fingers through your hair and watch the lights go wild. Just keep on keeping your eyes on me, it's just wrong enough to make it feel right. Lead me up the staircase. Won't you whisper soft and slow?
I'm captivated by you, baby, like a firework show.
It was enchanting to meet you. I was wonderstruck, blushing all the way home. That lingering question kept me up past 3. Who do you love? I'm wide awake, and pacing back and forth, wishing you were at my door.
Your beautiful eyes Stare right into my eyes. sometimes I think of you late at night. I don't know why i want to be somewhere where you are. I want you to be here.  My heart has never felt this way before. I'm looking through your eyes. You're my lullaby. Let me love you, let me kiss you, let me miss you. Let me dream about your beautiful eyes.
excited for your hot date on Saturday?

PS I'm in your dining room.
saw you looking fine in that last snapchat. want to hang out @now in the stacks?

text me baby.
OMG YES FINALLY I HAVE IT! You're THE THING I'VE BEEN LONGING FOR ALL OF THESE YEARS! MY MISSION IS COMPLETE, MY SINS ARE ABSOLVED! NEVER AGAIN SHALL I WANT FOR THAT WHICH I LACK! MY PURPOSE IS FULFILLED. MY BEING IS JUSTIFIED.

I'm in my room dreaming about the day when you'll wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time. If only you could see that I'm the one who understands you, who's been here all along. Why can't you see that you belong with me?
You've got a smile that can light up this whole town. I haven't seen it in a while since finals brought you down. Let's change that on the president's lawn tonight?
Meet me in the top of the hop tonight?
omg sext me?
Come to the concert! It should be a blast. There will be some really cool music happening. It'll be fun!
just bought a ticket for the show tonight! i'll be in the first row. dinner at murphy's beforehand?
I don't want to miss you like this. I guess you're in New York already. Come back, be here. Hanover's lonely when you're not around.
All I want is to stand outside your window throwing pebbles and screaming that I'm in love with you. I'll wait there in the pouring rain, come back for more, and I won't leave. All I need is on your side of the door.
Let's go somewhere we can be alone? Maybe the BEMA or Nathan's garden?  Close your eyes, and we can escape this town for a little while.
I'm not really into the party scene, but you frisbee girls really know how to throw down.
Come to formal? I'm simply irresistible in a bowtie.
Hope your work's going well! Hmu if you're looking for a studybreak?
You can take me anytime ;)
touche, but climbers tend to actually be more muscular than we look. i've gotten funny reactions to that and my tattoo...
